docs/Install.md, before:

# System Installation

This document loosely describes the process of installing a system with comet-observatory. It's certainly not meant to be *used* as much as it is a reminder of what to do, for myself.
1. Follow the [Installation guide](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Installation_guide) to install Arch Linux, ending off in a chroot in the base system.
2. Install the dependencies needed for the comet-observatory setup:
```
# pacman -S git sudo lolcat lsd ntfs-3g pacman-contrib
# pacman -S --asdep pinentry
```
3. Create the install user, inputting `$USER`:
```
# useradd -m -G wheel -s /usr/bin/bash $USER
```
4. Setup sudo to allow the `wheel` group to execute commands.
```
# EDITOR=nano visudo
```
5.  Change to the user account.
```
# su $USER
```
6. Make a clone of the repo, if one doesn't already exist on the desired drive:
```
$ git clone https://gitlab.com/CodingKoopa/comet-observatory.git
```
7. Run setup-user as `$USER`. Anything that needs the dbus, such as the activation of systemd services, will not work right now since we're still in the chroot.
8. See what `.old` files there are, from the user setup:
```
$ find $HOME -name "*.old" -print
```
9. If **it seems** safe going by the last step, delete the `.old` files:
```
$ find $HOME -name "*.old" -delete
```
10. Run setup-system as `root`. The same caveat about the dbus applies here too.
11. Boot into new system, and fix whatever stupid things you missed.
12. Enable NetworkManager so that setup can be ran again (remember that systemd services couldn't be activated before).
```
# systemctl enable --now NetworkManager.service
```
13. Setup an internet connection with NetworkManager in your hopefully now pretty-much functioning desktop environment.
14. Re-run both setups to finish off what couldn't be done before.

Commit message:

Add update-efi install note.

docs/Install.md, after:

# System Installation

This document loosely describes the process of installing a system with comet-observatory. It's certainly not meant to be *used* as much as it is a reminder of what to do, for myself.
1. Follow the [Installation guide](https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/Installation_guide) to install Arch Linux, ending off in a chroot in the base system.
2. Install the dependencies needed for the comet-observatory setup:
```
# pacman -S git sudo lolcat lsd ntfs-3g pacman-contrib
# pacman -S --asdep pinentry
```
3. Create the install user, inputting `$USER`:
```
# useradd -m -G wheel -s /usr/bin/bash $USER
```
4. Setup sudo to allow the `wheel` group to execute commands.
```
# EDITOR=nano visudo
```
5.  Change to the user account.
```
# su $USER
```
6. Make a clone of the repo, if one doesn't already exist on the desired drive:
```
$ git clone https://gitlab.com/CodingKoopa/comet-observatory.git
```
7. Run setup-user as `$USER`. Anything that needs the dbus, such as the activation of systemd services, will not work right now since we're still in the chroot.
8. See what `.old` files there are, from the user setup:
```
$ find $HOME -name "*.old" -print
```
9. If **it seems** safe going by the last step, delete the `.old` files:
```
$ find $HOME -name "*.old" -delete
```
10. Run setup-system as `root`. The same caveat about the dbus applies here too.
11. If applicable, add boot entries for this new installation to NVRAM:
```
# update-efi
```
12. Boot into new system, and fix whatever stupid things you missed.
13. Enable NetworkManager so that setup can be ran again (remember that systemd services couldn't be activated before).
```
# systemctl enable --now NetworkManager.service
```
13. Setup an internet connection with NetworkManager in your hopefully now pretty-much functioning desktop environment.
14. Re-run both setups to finish off what couldn't be done before.
